Hello, everyone is crowded cans this time of here.
I think that I want to introduce a pet of her participation of Sakura Zhuang
At first it is from the illustration inside
The anime has begun
It is not
Righteous
It is production company
I was gc staff
Did you think this was a bit wrong?
8 well
The sky was the hero
Matsuoka-san
Because I am doing my best
very well
It is gathered up in an interesting feeling
This anime is really
Mr. Matsuoka is equivalent
It's strange
Yes say why or when
Debt is almost the main character of Sonata
I feel like someone is involved in the dialogue
Nde almost leave the others out
I think I and the 5-year student failure is often
Length of the middle Yes is has become such a feeling
so
8 The contents of the story in this volume 3 a 8 The previous volume 2 was the main story of the Nanami
But this time again this
Shiina mashiro It is main here
so
there
It was a shakki illustration but this
It is said that Ma
It is Mars in or have
The character named Hiita is clear and this character is
Shiina Mashiro in Ys era
It feels like it's empty now
Let's do it with a mate
I was burning
It is a character
The character is
8 well
Come to Japan and come to Sakuraso
8 Shiina Mashiro
In the United Kingdom
What do you say
Uproar also
It feels like
there
The other is
It 's like whether Shiina Mashiro will stop or not stop
It is talk that there are various sounds
This volume is
The last is really
What do you say?
Feeling full of speed
Very funny yes
why
Volume 2 is serious
Here comes the comedy and serious Oh
I think it is about half
Participation also
Come 4 person I very interesting Nde I already Volume 12
The visit day
Continue reading and try Yes This time was the introduction of her mountainous pet of Sakuraso
Thank you very much